WIZ-448 Add try/catch OrderService::reportHandDelivery (#416)
wizaplace/wizaplace-php-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### New features

- Added `Wizaplace\SDK\Vendor\Order\OrderService::getHandDeliveryCodes`
- Added `\Wizaplace\SDK\Basket\BasketItem::getProductCode`

> - Updated `\Wizaplace\SDK\Vendor\Order\OrderService::reportHandDelivery` with try/catch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `\Wizaplace\SDK\Vendor\Order\OrderService::reportHandDelivery` can now raise SomeParametersAreInvalid and BadCredentials
```
